README.md, before:

# teleport-plugins

Set of plugins for Teleport


## Access API

The [access](./access) package exposes a simple API for managing access requests
which can be used for writing plugins.  More info can be found in
[access/README.md](./access/README.md), including instructions on how to properly
provision necessary certificates.

### Example

The [access/example](./access/example) plugin automatically approves access requests based
on a user whitelist.  This is a good place to start if you are trying to understand
how to use the [`access`](./access) API.

Use `make access-example` to build the plugin and `./build/access-example configure` to print out
a sample configuration file.

### Slackbot

A basic slack plugin (WIP) can be found in [access/slackbot](./access/slackbot).
The plugin can be built with `make access-slackbot` and instructions for configuring the
plugin can be found in the plugin's [README](./access/slackbot/README.md).

## notes

Use `scripts/dep` for dependencies management. It is a wrapper over `dep` which ignores git submodules.

Commit message:

Updated repo readme with jirabot paragraph

README.md, after:

# teleport-plugins

Set of plugins for Teleport


## Access API

The [access](./access) package exposes a simple API for managing access requests
which can be used for writing plugins.  More info can be found in
[access/README.md](./access/README.md), including instructions on how to properly
provision necessary certificates.

### Example

The [access/example](./access/example) plugin automatically approves access requests based
on a user whitelist.  This is a good place to start if you are trying to understand
how to use the [`access`](./access) API.

Use `make access-example` to build the plugin and `./build/access-example configure` to print out
a sample configuration file.

### Slack Bot

A basic slack plugin (WIP) can be found in [access/slackbot](./access/slackbot).
The plugin can be built with `make access-slackbot` and instructions for configuring the
plugin can be found in the plugin's [README](./access/slackbot/README.md).

### JIRA Bot

A basic Teleport / JIRA integration (WIP) can be found in [access/jirabot](./access/jirabot).
The plugin can be built with `make access-jirabot` and instructions for configuring the
plugin can be found in the plugin's [README](./access/jirabot/README.md).

## Notes

Use `scripts/dep` for dependencies management. It is a wrapper over `dep` which ignores git submodules.
